hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm going to show
you a dystopian thriller film the bad
badge on some day in the future United
States the Congress can pick out its
desirable citizens and drop the
undesirables the so-called bad batch
inside a locked fence top desert where
the American laws and citizenship are no
longer applied the bad batch there have
to fend for themselves under the hash
environment Allen is one of undesirable
citizen who's discarded recently into
somewhere of the desert where the
cannibal community are hunting the new
discarded for food
Allen plans to head for another
community named comfort but she soon
kidnapped by the cannibals for her flesh
the woman cuts off her right arm and leg
and changed her up when Allen wakes up
she tricks the cannibal by exposing her
body with her own bio waste feeling
disgusted the woman cannibal unlocks her
chain in the neck and want to clean up
her food whereas Allen takes the only
chance to hit down the woman later she
escapes out falling on a skateboard on
the way to nowhere in the desert Allen
passes out
but she's then rescued by a mute junkman
who takes her to the settlement Comfort
which is another different community for
the undesirables and keeps smart against
the cannibals five months later helen
heals up and gets accustomed to the life
there she feels a little bit bored with
the enclosed environment so she walks
out into the desert planning to revenge
against the cannibals with a pistol the
Miami man is a leader of the cannibals
was a boring life with his little
daughter and wife some day the wife goes
out with a little girl searching for
supplies and a garbage dump where the
wandering Allen happens to encounter
them she kills the begging mother out of
hate but keeps the little girl alive
Allen then brings the little girl back
to the Comfort where the little girl
shows high interest in a rabbit so Allen
pays for the rabbit to the girl as a pet
but threatens to kill the rabbit
if she doesn't obey on the other side
the Miami man is searching anxiously for
his wife and daughter but only finds the
wife's dead body
he tries to ask for the missing girl
with her portrait which arises that
junkman interest so much the junkman in
exchange for a skillful hand sketched
portrait that buys Miami man to find her
daughter in the comfort while the girl
gifted with drawing as her father helps
Allen with the fantastic makeup for the
party held in comfort at night where the
undesirables dance to the music
seemingly finding their own way out of
the bloody society the leader of the
comfort community shows up and delivers
a speech on his faith towards a dream
society while the audience under are all
cheered up by his speech and chew the
drug pills provided for an escape out of
the real life
the little girl loses her rabbit in the
crowd she searches and follows the way
up before the community leader who takes
the little girl inside a building helen
soon notices the lost girl trying to
search her out a noisy crowd but still
being affected by the drug Allen wanders
out into the desert and enjoys herself
in the beautiful night sky when she
happens to meet with a Miami man the
next morning Alan is wakened up but she
seems to have totally forgotten what
happened last night until she's reminded
by Miami man Allen has then asked for
any sight of the missing girl but out of
fear of being killed by the strong man
standing up front she has to tell him
the line the Miami man knows the entry
to comfort is kept barred tightly by the
gunmen against the cannibals he gets no
choice but to threaten Allen with death
to search his missing daughter inside
comfort for him right at that time
another cannibal shows up from nowhere
and won a trade gasoline for Allen's
flesh which is refused by the Miami man
first but upon the death threat from the
cannibal Miami man has to fake promise
in the deal and hands Allen to him
while struggles desperately Ellen never
thinks that the next minute Miami man
saves her down from the cannibal with
the motorcycle taken from the dead rival
they begin their journey heading to the
Comfort on their way they're caught in a
sandstorm Allen is protected by the
Miami man which makes her grow closer
with this strong man at night they stay
in the rocky desert Allen happens to
know the Miami man has dropped out as
the undesirable citizen due to his
illegal immigration from Cuba into the
United States she tries to take his
knife and threatens him to back off
but the Miami man seems to fear nothing
and overwhelms Allen while during their
confrontation the Miami man is shoot
right in the chest by a guy coming out
of nowhere
the guy then pushes Allen away and takes
her back to the Comfort however even
back to the safe Allen is still obsessed
with the man who's in danger of death
she heads out of the comfort again with
a pistol hoping to find the Miami man
where she only finds his drawing book
and some blood track left behind on the
other side the injured Miami man is
rescued by the junkman who takes care of
his wound and feeds him with some food
from a crow hunt for soup soon after his
recovery
the Jumpman brings him before a
motorcycle which confuses the Miami man
a little bit but he's confused further
by that the junkman offers a kid's toy
in exchange for his knife the returning
Allen checks the drawing book left
behind and decides to find the little
girl back for the Miami man but she
never expects that the little girl has
been adopted and taken care by the
leader with a totally different new life
still wanting the girl back Allen comes
to the leaders mansion where she see a
huge workshop for drug production
surrounded with pregnant girls Allen
finally gets the chance to face the
leader directly who explains to her the
comforts economy is run on the drugs and
once Allen to stay down to be one of his
girls Allen pretends to agree to join
his harem while she takes out the pistol
hidden inside her artificial limb
and holds one of the pregnant woman as
hostage in exchange for the little girl
the leader has to release Allen and the
little girl after leaves outside the
comfort Ellen drops off the pregnant and
heads into the desert with a little girl
who reunites with her father finally
Miami man is about to leave with his
daughter but Allen implies she would
rather stay with him in the desert than
live in comfort
Miami man tries to discourage her giving
her unable to survive out in the harsh
desert but Allen shows her affection to
the Miami man and encourage him to keep
away from the fake comfort and brutal
cannibal community the Miami man seems
to be attracted deeply by Allen and her
promising life however the daughter
keeps asking for spaghetti as she's got
accustomed to good things in the mansion
instead Miami man takes her pet rabbit
away without any words well at night a
Miami man shares the rabbit meat with
Allen they look into each other's eyes
smiling to the contrary the daughters
staring at the her lovely pet burned
over the bonfire sobbing sadly this is
Daniel see see movie review please
comment below thumbs up and subscribe to
my channel see you all next time bye